the new online sim site is born
in the new graphics in the navigation e
new in the online sim services is the
Italian savings platform
managed leader in the proposal of a
internet of investment solutions
more than 3500 funds and SICAVs is 130
management company hundreds of plans
accumulation of pension fund products
social security funds access the
deadline with simple tools of
selection is a new service of
model wallets
a valuable tool to manage the
capital and plan for the future
with commissions discounted up to 100 per
one hundred is a deposit account at zero cost e
intuitive quick the new site offers one
clear and immediate communication on
all offers and initiatives in which
an interactive dynamic dashboard
welcomes the customer in the reserved area
with the possibility of having immediately the
representation of one's position
overall analyze performance
historical enter into the details of the
tools in portfolio check
all movements liquidity
available
among the many innovations of the site the possibility
to manage aggregates of several funds
within the same new dossier
More detailed stars linked background
from a tour it is desired to graphical analysis
numerous and effective tools a
support of choice
the virtual portfolio the watch list e
alert via email
the insights of the companies of
management
the wallet and xray and a tool
advanced for the comparison of funds
easy to consult on tablet for
smartphone
the new online sim site is a real one
champion of transparency and freedom
freedom of choice and freedom of management
with the guarantee of a large group
the convenience of the web and the security of a
qualified customer service always a
your available online sim manage
your future